# Date: [2025-01-22]

## Day: 75
## What I Did Today
Started SSG

## What I Learned Today
I learned what a SSG is and that it is a relatively simple but helpful tool. I think I might rebuilt this myself in the future unguided as well. 
I also got a very helpful comment today. 

" Employed dev here. Just a couple thoughts after watching some of your videos. First, burnout can be a real thing, especially when learning. If you want to keep it up daily, just take a 'rest' day and try to make something fun with what you already know. Fun projects are one of the best ways to learn overall as well. In regards to your learning with python video, it's a high level language which does abstract away a lot of what is going on under the hood. Don't think of this as you have to guess what's going on at a lower level so much as that you don't have to worry about what's going on. The interpreter handles memory management when you iterate over a list for you, so you don't have to worry about it and can focus on writing more code. You are essentially exchanging runtime speed for development speed. Python isn't the best for everything, it's just good for a lot.

Just stick with it and it'll all make sense more and more over time. Best of luck, you'll get there." 

This comment made me realize that I don't have to or maybe even shouldn't be following the coursework everyday and rather try to find more fun ways to cement the concepts I have learned.

## VLOG
https://youtu.be/fzKZh265TQo?si=RBvLwFx9wlghmqe0

## For Tomorrow
    - Work a bit more on the SSG

I have plans to make a todo program. Not sure when exactly but this weekend for sure.